hey what's going on phone DAGs bo HD
here it's the time of the year where
summer is coming to an end and schools
starting back up again I know some of
you guys have already started school
some of you will be starting very soon
but I wanted to give you about 10
must-have back-to-school apps for
Android that will kind of keep you
organized focused and productive so stay
tuned to hear on phone calm for a video
highlighting several back-to-school apps
for iOS some of the apps in this video
though are iOS compatible but not all of
them so you can expect a second video
with like completely different apps that
are guaranteed to work on iOS so just
throwing it out there stay tuned for
that all right so with that said the
first app I'll be taking a look at is
one of three Google apps that I think
are essential for Android users and
especially those of you who are in
school the first is Google Calendar of
course with Google Calendar you can plug
in you know all of your classes set the
location of your classes and how Google
reminds you about the event and when to
leave so you can actually make it on
time you can add attachments to your
events through Google Drive which is
pretty cool I actually didn't even know
about that feature until making this
video so that's cool and all this info
can be synced across various emails and
contacts you can pull it up on your
smart phone your tablet your computer
whatever device you have pretty much as
long as it's connected to the Internet
you can access Google Calendar which is
awesome it's probably the best way to
stay organized in my opinion the second
Google app on this list is Google keep
while I wouldn't recommend taking class
notes through this app this app is
perfect for just reminders and to-do
lists not only can you share your notes
with people but you can color code and
create labels for your notes to stay
organized you can also add pictures to
your notes you can copy your notes to
Google Docs there's also a pretty sweet
widget that displays your notes up front
and center that I really like and I use
it now and then now I'm kind of a Google
addict too the first step in addiction
is to admit you have a problem yes I
have a problem I use too many Google
Apps but this is the last Google app in
the entire list but it's my absolute
favorite by far Google Drive is its name
and it offers a lot of functionality not
only can you create a document a
spreadsheet or a slideshow with pretty
advanced features that actually write
Microsoft and its services but you could
upload images documents pretty much any
sort of file to the cloud I am a huge
fan of Drive since everything is online
it's located in the cloud I can access
it on whatever device I'm using it's
pretty awesome you guys should
definitely use it if you guys aren't
already using it and kii Droid or
ankidroid flashcards app is a pretty
sweet app it's super simple but super
useful for studying you have the option
of creating your very own flashcards by
card or by making a complete deck of
your own you also have the option of
downloading one of many free shared
decks online from all sorts of
categories like anatomy math history the
list goes on and on depending on the
subject someone might have already
created flashcards for it so you can go
ahead and download it for free and study
whatever is online there so that's
pretty cool the app itself uses spaced
repetition logarithms to determine when
you need to see cards based on how well
you were able to answer them which is a
very useful and it's very useful for
retaining information I'm definitely
going to be using this app when fall
term starts the my study life app is
great for staying organized the
dashboard gives you access to the
classes you have today tomorrow and the
rest of the term you can schedule tasks
and schedule exams that are due there is
actually a full on calendar built into
this app to help you stay organized and
check your schedule but I still do
prefer Google Calendar but if you like
the layout of the my study life app
hopefully you'll use it hopefully you'll
stay organized
now the OneNote app made it on the list
it's kind of like a Google keep but from
Microsoft so if you're in the Microsoft
ecosystem you'll really love this app I
mean it has a lot of similar functions
to the Google keep app but there are
some differences and some of the
differences include the ability to use a
stylus or digital ink to write down your
notes I would say there are also more
formatting options and you can even
record audio straight from the app
itself which is super neat and would be
great for recording a lecture or
something like that
WolframAlpha is a must have app for
research it's especially great for math
problems and math enthusiasts as you can
check your answers and there's really no
other site out there that can present
the info in such a clean layout you can
try plugging in complex math problem
far more complex than I could ever
answer if you try plugging in complex
math problems to say Google you will
most likely not find anything resembling
an answer or a solution but you will
with Wolfram Alpha it does cost a few
dollars though on the Play Store so you
got to keep that in mind kind of weigh
your options but I definitely think it
is worth it every smartphone has a
camera and that has really hurt the
printer scanner industry because apps
like cam scanner makes scanning stuff so
easy with cam scanner you can scan
physical documents and turn them into
PDFs from your phone you can add
annotations and search for them
afterwards and you can enhance these
scanned images directly from the app
itself to make them lighter and do all
sorts of color edits if you find
yourself needing to digitize documents
you should seriously check out this app
math studio is probably the most
comprehensive math app for smartphones
and tablets it does finance and most
things that Texas Instrument calculators
can do the layouts and the appearance is
pretty boring in my opinion that could
definitely use a refresh but there are a
ton of options here that could really
help out any math major the last app is
duolingo and it's a pretty popular app
for learning languages you might have
heard of it now I was going to include
one game on this list to pass time when
you're bored or just need a break but
duolingo is actually pretty fun and it
can almost be classified as a game I
think I mean learning in general is
pretty fun I've actually been using this
app every once in a while to learn
Spanish and I enjoy it more than a game
because it's far more productive I feel
like I'm actually doing something so if
you haven't already used this app but
really enjoy learning or are looking for
an app just to pass the time
check out duolingo with that said guys
let me know which app is your favorite
by leaving me a comment down below I
will have a follow-up video with more
back-to-school apps for iOS that should
also include apps that are available on
Android and even Windows Phone so stay
tuned for that
as always I'm Bo HD from phone dot-com I
hope you guys enjoyed this video thank
you very much for watching and stickin
to the end I will see you right back
here in the next one see ya